<p align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?text=Meet%20Wyvern!🕹️&animation=fadeIn&type=waving&color=gradient&height=100"/>
</p>

In the earlier days of the internet, communities were self-hosted and projects
of love. When a community got big enough, they eventually formed their own
websites with their own bulletin boards, forums, wikis, whatever tools the
community needed to thrive. Each community had their own specific needs. While
a World of Warcraft guild might need a forum to organize events and a voice
chat server to communicate during raids, an art community might thrive off of
an image board like an oekaki system.

However, fast forward from the 2000s to 2024 and so much of our lives are
dictated by massive organizations. Communities are no longer hosting their own
gathering places and are instead opting for services such as Facebook or
Discord to get together and communicate. Companies have made it easy to stay on
their platforms and join other communities without leaving their massive
infrastructure, creating all sorts of problems that we as consumers just accept
as reality. But it doesn't have to be that way. What if, we could have the
convenience of using a company's service, without giving up our privacy to them
by self-hosting our communities again?

That is Wyvern's goal. Wyvern was made to break the norm of relying on
corporations to communicate with each other. By utilizing DIDComm Communication
technology, we are able to create systems that allow for a single application
to communicate with multiple servers at once while also eliminating the need
for multiple usernames and passwords. With Wyvern, *you* are in control of your
data and communities can take back control from large-scale corporations.
